still trying to figure out where it came
from down take a closer look
one of the stars are still here but you
know looks like it's been pretty well
worked over over the years so you know
it has been found before
look at the - my club box okay here on
the front end of it and right there
across the front grille is Oldsmobile so
it's an old Oldsmobile not and get it
for parts I suppose but now I'm going to
look around and try to figure out how
the only thing I can figure is that who
used to be an old trail down this creek
bed that's coming down through here and
it was probably abandoned words died
probably an old trail going down to a
mine shaft or something like that but I
think the old trail goes over there it's
been washed out over the years quite a
bit but it looks like remnants of of an
old trail that's headed down through
that direction there okay this is the
right side of it
thinking maybe that the roof being
bashed in like that is not necessarily
controlling it it's probably from people
jumping on under no beating it up or
whatever it looks like pretty well
trashed out anything God knew has been
taken instead of people at home and so
forth so kind of an interesting old find
not Bigfoot but interesting I imagined
that it was some old miner that that was
his transportation back and forth to his
workings and I can just imagine how he
felt up here back in the early 1920s 30s
I don't know whatever this whole thing
is made and he's all up here by himself
or maybe with somebody else and you know
the engine blows the tranny goes out or
something like that and so they
abandoned it never came back I imagine
what it felt like
so crap now we've got a walk back in you
know modern times I'm fixed 40 miles
away from any civilization
back then the roads were a whole lot
worse yelling trails and stuff like that
I imagine they had one heck of a hike
out of here I bet you they had some
stories to tell
well this is where the rough trail were
that car was parked or wrecked this is
where it finally comes out at as I came
down the mountain the trail kept getting
better and better and so forth until
finally came here
I came out here now I've got about a
two-mile hike get back to where my truck
was so I love me too
great big giant circle
you